(3 knocks) Penny! (3 knocks) Penny! (3 knocks) Penny!
What happens if I say come in?
Well, find out.
Come in!
(3 knocks) Bernadette! (3 knocks) Bernadette! (3 knocks) Bernadette!
Come in!
Keep it up. I've got nowhere else to be.
Just come in.
For future reference, if I want to watch Mean Girls, I'll just stream it on Netflix.
You'll never guess what just happened.
You went out in the hallway, stumbled into an inter-dimensional portal, which brought you 5,000 years into the future, where you took advantage of the advanced technology to build a time machine, and now you're back, to bring us all with you to the year 7010, where we are transported to work at the think-a-torium by telepathically controlled flying dolphins? 
No.
Awww.
Who would ever guess that?
I'm exceedingly smart. I graduated college at fourteen. While my brother was getting an STD, I was getting a Ph.D. Penicillin can't take this away.
Oh, I should probably tell you something about this gift.
You mean, before you give it to me?
Yes. But may I ask you a question before I give it to you?
Of course.
Why are we saying give it to you like that?
I'd like to go over some proposed changes to the roommate agreement, specifically to address Penny's annoying personal habits.
Oh my God! What personal habits?
I have a list. FYI overuse of the phrase "Oh my God" is number 12.
Thankfully all the things my girlfriend used to do can be taken care of with my right hand.
I did a bad thing.
Does it affect me?
No.
Then suffer in silence.
Our babies will be smart and beautiful. 
Not to mention imaginary.
May I say something?
Not right now, dude.
But I think it may be comforting.
Buddy-
No, it's okay. What?
When I lost my own father, I didn't have any friends to help me through it. You do.
don't take this the wrong way, but, you're insane. 
That may well be, but the fact is it wouldn't kill us to meet some new people. 
For the record, it could kill us to meet new people. They could be murderers or the carriers of unusual pathogens. And I'm not insane, my mother had me tested.
Why are you crying? 
Because I'm stupid. 
That's no reason to cry. One cries because one is sad. For example, I cry because others are stupid, and that makes me sad.
Scissors cuts paper.
paper covers rock.
rock crushes lizard
lizard poisons Spock.
Spock smashes scissors.
scissors decapitates lizard.
lizard eats paper.
paper disproves Spock.
Spock vaporizes rock, and as it always has, rock crushes scissors.
I don't like bugs, okay. They freak me out.
Interesting. You're afraid of insects and women. Ladybugs must render you catatonic.
You might not want to ditch her on her birthday.
I think you has a point. You can see it another day.
But someone might spoil the movie. No one can spoil a birthday for me. Surprise, we are even older. Who saw that coming?
Aww, that's nice. Put that on a cake.
Oh, big deal. Not knowing is part of the fun.
"Not knowing is part of the fun." Was that the motto of your community college?
The correct animal for inter-species super soldier is the koala. You would wind up with an army so cute, it couldn't be attacked.
Um, that's where I sit.
So, sit next to me.
No, I sit there.
What's the difference?
"What's the difference"?
Here we go.
In the winter that seat is close enough to the radiator to remain warm, and yet not so close as to cause perspiration. I
n the summer it's directly in the path of a cross breeze created by open windows, there and there. 
It faces the television at an angle that is neither direct, thus discouraging conversation, nor so far wide to create a parallax distortion. 
I could go on, but I think I've made my point.
I made tea. 
I don't want tea. 
I didn't make tea for you. This is my tea. 
Then why are you telling me? 
It's a conversation starter. 
That's a lousy conversation starter. 
Oh, is it? We're conversing. Checkmate.
I'm a Sagittarius, which probably tells you way more than you need to know...
Yes... it tells us that you participate in the mass cultural delusion that the sun's apparent position relative to arbitrarily defined constellations at the time of your birth somehow affects your personality.
Participate in the what?
What he means is that wouldn't be his first guess.
Yeah, a lot of people think I'm a water sign.
Well, we'll just have to take it up ourselves.
I hardly think so.
Why not?
Well, we don't have a dolly, or lifting belts, or any measurable upper body strength.
We don't need strength, we're physicists. We are the intellectual descendants of Archimedes. 
Give me a lever and a fulcrum and I could move the earth.
I don't have this! I don't have this! I DO NOT HAVE THIS!
Archimedes would be so proud.
Well, do you have any ideas?
Yeah, but they all involve a Green Lantern and a power ring.
I'd like to propose an experiment...
Right. I would like to propose an experiment.
Hang on. I'm trying to see how long it takes a 500-kilowatt oxygen iodine laser to heat up my Cup o' Noodles.
Uf you were a robot, and I knew and you didn't, would you want me to tell you?
That depends. When I learn that I'm a robot, will I be able to handle it?
Maybe, although the history of science fiction is not on your side.
Uh, let me ask you this: when I learn that I'm a robot, would I be bound by Asimov's Three Laws of Robotics?
You might be bound by them right now.
That's true. 
Have you ever harmed a human being, or, through inaction, allowed a human being to come to harm?
Of course not.
Well, no.
I smell robot.
I've spent the past three-and-a-half years staring at grease boards full of equations; before that, I spent four years working on my thesis; before that, I was in college, and before that, I was in the fifth grade.
Now listen here, I've been telling you since you were five years old, it's okay to be smarter than everyone else, but you can't go around pointing it out!
SheWhy not?
Because people don't like it! Remember all the drubbings you used to get from the neighbor kids? Are you ready? Get your shoes, shirt and let's shove off!
[in a defeated tone of voice] There wouldn't have been any drubbings if that stupid death-ray would've worked.
You're a lucky person
How so?
You're talking to one of the three men in the Western Hemisphere capable of following that train of thought.
Well, what do you think?
I said I could follow it, I didn't say I cared.
I didn't know you played the cello.
So what are you, a zebra?
Yet another child left behind.
A Homo habilis just discovering his opposable thumbs says what?
[Confused] What?
My point.
I'll have a Diet Coke.
Okay, will you please order a cocktail? I need to practice mixing drinks.
Fine, I'll have a virgin Cuba Libre.
That's, um, Rum and Coke without the rum.
Yes.
So, Coke.
Yes. And would you make it Diet?
[sighs] There's a can in the fridge.
A Cuba Libre generally comes in a tall glass with a lime wedge.
Then swim to Cuba.
Bartenders are supposed to have people skills.
I don't believe it. What's gotten into him?
[excited] You didn't!
Hey, you do your little experiments, I do mine.
I'm uncomfortable having been included in your lie.
What was I supposed to say?
You could have told her the truth.
That would have hurt the feelings.
Is that a relevant factor?
Yes.
Then I suppose you could have agreed to go.
And what would I have said afterwards?
I would suggest something to the effect of, "Singing is neither an appropriate vocation nor avocation for you, and if you disagree, I'd recommend you have a CAT scan to look for a tumor pressing on the cognitive processing centers of your brain.
I couldn't say that. I would have to say, "You were terrific and I can't wait to hear you sing again."
Why?
That's the social protocol. It's what you do when you have a friend who's proud of something they are really bad at.
I was not aware of that.
Now you are.
Oh. Alright. Leonard?
Yes?
When we played chess earlier, you were terrific, and I can't wait to play you again.
I was analyzing our lie, and I believe we're in danger of Penny seeing through the ruse.
How?
Checkmate.
Argh, again?
Obviously you're not well-suited for three-dimensional chess. Perhaps three-dimensional Candy Land would be more your speed.
[Upset] Just reset the board.
It must be humbling to suck on so many levels. [Gestures to the individual levels of the 3D Chess Board]
When I finally managed to convince her I was sick, she said, "Möchtest du eine Darmspülung?"
What does that mean?
Based on what happened next, I assume it means, "Would you like an enema?"
15 years old—Dennis Kim is 15 years old, and he's already correcting my work. Today I went from being Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart to—you know—that other guy.
Antonio Salieri.
Oh, God, now even you're smarter than me.
Engineering—where the semi-skilled laborers execute the vision of those who think and dream. 
Hello, Oompa-Loompas of science.
At this point I should inform you that I intend to form my own team, and destroy the molecular bonds that bind your very matter together, and reduce the resulting particulate chaos to tears.
Thanks for the heads up.
You're welcome. One more thing.
Yes?.
Hello, Sheldon.
Leslie Winkle!
The answer to the question, "Who made Sheldon Cooper cry like a little girl?"
Yes, well, I'm polymerized tree sap and you're an inorganic adhesive, so whatever verbal projectile you launch in my direction is reflected off of me, returns on its original trajectory and adheres to you.
[sarcastically] Ooooh... ouch.
The Nerdvana Annihilation [1.14]
Penny: [to Leonard] Look, you are a great guy, and it is the things you love that make you who you are.
Howard: I guess that makes me large breasts...
[Penny comes out to investigate the gang's commotion in the hallway, when Leonard is threatening to throw out his old collectibles]
Penny: What the hell's going on?
Sheldon: [Pointing his plastic sword at her accusingly] You hypocrite!
Penny: What?
Sheldon: Little miss "Grown-ups don't play with toys." [gestures behind her] If I went into that apartment right now, would I not find Beanie Babies? Are you not an accumulator of Care Bears and My Little Ponies? And who is that Japanese feline I see frolicking on your shorts? [Bends to mockingly address the character] Hello, Hello Kitty!
The Pork Chop Indeterminacy [1.15]
Leonard: So, how do you two know each other?
Missy: Oh, he once spent nine months with my legs wrapped around his head.
Leonard: Excuse me?
Sheldon: She's my twin sister. She thinks she's funny, but frankly, I've never been able to see it.
Missy: That's because you have no measurable sense of humor, Shelly.
Sheldon: How exactly would one measure a sense of humor? A 'humormometer'?
[Missy is leaving and Sheldon is saying goodbye to her.]
Sheldon: Okay, well, it was pleasant seeing you, other than that business with my testicles. [Puts his hand out for her to shake]
Missy: Come on, Shelly. [Gives him a hug, which Sheldon does as well.]
Missy: I want you to know I'm very proud of you.
Sheldon: Really?
Missy: Yep. I'm always bragging to my friends about my brother, the Rocket Scientist.
[Sheldon looks in disbelief]
Sheldon: You tell people I'm a Rocket Scientist?!
Missy: Well, yeah.
I'm a theoretical physicist.
What's the difference?
What's the difference?!
Goodbye, Shelly.
Why don't you just tell them I'm a toll taker at the Golden Gate Bridge! 
Rocket Scientist, how humiliating!
My parents focused on celebrating achievements, and my being expelled from a birth canal was not considered one of them.
That's so silly.
It's actually based on very sound theories; his mother published a paper on it.
It was obviously very effective. 
Leonard grew up to become an experimental physicist. 
Perhaps if she also denied him Christmas, he'd be a little better at it.
Thank you.
Well, I love birthdays: waking up to mom's special French Toast breakfast, wearing the birthday king crown, playing laser tag with all my friends...
Yeah! See? That's what kids should have!
Actually, that was so last year...
How about this: you keep him there a little longer. 
When you get to the party, I'll point out my friends
Don't toy with me.
Thy will be done.
I'm doing this for you, little buddy.
Why are you learning Chinese?
I believe the takeout place has been passing off Orange Chicken as Tangerine Chicken, and I intend to confront them.
If I were you, I'd be more concerned about what they're passing off as chicken.
I need to use your window.
Oh yeah, sure. Go ahead.
YOU FORGOT YOUR IPOD!
What's going on?
Oh, I'll tell you what's going on..
Okay, where were we?
Not now. I have a blog to find.
Hey, are you okay?
[voice off] I’m fine, just go away.
Look, I understand that breaking up with someone can be very painful--.
GO AWAY!
Okay, feel better, bye. [Goes back to apartment] She doesn’t want to talk.
Not surprising. The emotional responses originate from the primitive portion of the brain known as the amygdala, while speech is centered in the much more recently developed neocortex. The former can easily overpower the latter giving scientific credence to the notion of being rendered speechless.
Or maybe she just doesn’t want to talk.